Update installation readme (#1758)
Napari/napari: README.md

## installation

### which distribution to install

> If you want to contribute back to napari codebase, you need to install from source code, see [from source](#from-source)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to contribute back to napari codebase, you need to install from source code: see the [from source](#from-source) section.
```

> If you do not want to use napari as python code and only use it as GUI app, the bundled app is the easiest way to install, 
> this is also the only method that does not require python knowledge to work with napari, see [from bundled app](https://napari.org/tutorials/fundamentals/installation#installing-as-a-bundled-app)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you do not want to use napari as python code and only use it as GUI app, the bundled app is the easiest way to install.
This is also the only method that does not require python knowledge to work with napari, see the [from bundled app](https://napari.org/tutorials/fundamentals/installation#installing-as-a-bundled-app) section.
```

> If you are using napari while using python to programmatically interact with the app, you can either install via pip or source code, 
> however we recommend that you use conda to help managing the virtual environment, otherwise you may see compilation issues that are specific to machines.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using napari from Python to programmatically interact with the app, you can install via pip, conda-forge, or from source.
We recommend that you use conda to help manage the virtual environment. Otherwise you may see compilation issues that are specific to your particular machine, which is difficult for us to debug.
```

### from pip, with "batteries included"

napari can be installed on most macOS, Linux, and Windows systems with

> Python 3.7 and 3.8 using pip. However, for windows users, you need to preinstall [Microsoft Visual C++ Build Tools](https://visualstudio.microsoft.com/downloads/)
> in order to install vispy (one of the dependency packages) on windows machines.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Python 3.7 and 3.8 using pip. However, for Windows users, you need to preinstall [Microsoft Visual C++ Build Tools](https://visualstudio.microsoft.com/downloads/)
in order to install VisPy (one of the packages we depend on) on Windows machines.
```

Also, I *think* the above is only true for Windows 32-bit Python. For 64-bit, the wheels provided by VisPy and dependencies *should* be sufficient? Maybe @djhoese can weigh in here. This seems related to a [recent discussion](https://gitter.im/vispy/vispy?at=5f90c884a7e77a0ff160acc1) we had on the VisPy gitter.

Reviewer 2: I don't think this is true anymore but please correct me. If this is addressing the semi-recent issue where vispy didn't have a Python 3.8 wheel, then this should now be resolved with the vispy 0.6.5 release (and wheels that came as part of that distribution).

If this is about freetype-py, one of vispy's dependencies then yes this is only for 32-bit Windows installations and this is not a VisPy wheel thing, this is a freetype-py wheel thing. You install vispy (however you want to) and it tells pip to also install freetype-py. On 32-bit Windows systems pip will not find a wheel for freetype-py so it will need to install from source (freetype-py's sdist). By default, the freetype-py's sdist installation does not include a freetype C library binary so it tries to compile against a system installed one which will likely fail. It can fail because either freetype C is not installed or the user doesn't have a compiler. Actually...freetype-py might be pure python (ctypes) and not need a compiler.

https://github.com/rougier/freetype-py

Reviewer 2: See these installation instructions: https://github.com/rougier/freetype-py#installation-with-compiling-freetype-from-source

Looking at the setup.py it looks like you just need to define that environment variable and it will **build** the freetype C library. However, this probably means you need a compiler.

Author: I am not sure when we are going to upgrade vispy, so for now I will include this to be safe, we can definitely take it out once we are ready to upgrade vispy version

> Installing command via pip (see `Specifying a GUI Backend` below regarding the `[all]` notation):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The simplest command to install with pip is:

```

```sh
pip install napari[all]
```

>  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 
(See `Specifying a GUI Backend` below for an explanation of the `[all]` notation.)
```

> ```

## simple example

> (Below examples require `scikit-image` package to run, we only use data samples from this package for demonstrating purpose, you can use your own dataset if you wish not to install this package)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(The examples below require the `scikit-image` package to run. We just use data samples from this package for demonstration purposes. If you change the examples to use your own dataset, you may not need to install this package.)
```
